README.md, before:

## Welcome 👋
I am a *(front-end leaning)* full-stack developer with previous experience in design.

I recently completed [Brainstation's software engineering](https://brainstation.io/online/software-engineering-bootcamp) boot camp in April 2023.

- 👨🏾‍💻 I love working with [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/), [React](https://react.dev/), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [Node js](https://nodejs.org/en/about), [express.js](https://expressjs.com/) and [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)
- 🛠 I'm familiar with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), [Sanity](https://www.sanity.io/) and [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- 🔭 In future, I'd like to explore [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/?hp=tile&tile=solutions), [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/) and [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/)
- 📫 You can reach me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/richardacquaye/)

### Currently, I am working on:
- Portfolio updates
- Kitchen Geek
- Learning new tech and techniques as I go

Commit message:

Add redux to skills + extra details
Added information about redux and more detail in bio.

README.md, after:

## Welcome 👋
I am a *(front-end leaning)* full-stack developer switching from a career in design.

I have a background in computing but recently completed [Brainstation's software engineering](https://brainstation.io/online/software-engineering-bootcamp) boot camp in April 2023.

- 👨🏾‍💻 I love working with [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/), [React](https://react.dev/), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [Node js](https://nodejs.org/en/about), [express.js](https://expressjs.com/) and [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)
- 🛠 I'm familiar with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), [Sanity](https://www.sanity.io/) and [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- 🔭 In future, I'd like to explore [Redux](https://redux.js.org/), [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/?hp=tile&tile=solutions), [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/) and [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/)
- 📫 You can reach me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/richardacquaye/)

### Currently, I am working on:
- Portfolio updates
- Kitchen Geek (authentication)
- Learning new tech and techniques as I go
